[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm radio and television
host Jimmy Church.
And I am here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is Wendy
Kennedy, a channeler
and a spiritual teacher
renowned for her connection
to the 9D Pleiadian
Collective who serves
as a conduit for their wisdom.
>> We call 2019 to
2026 frequency wars,
and you're in the middle of it.
And this will help you
as you come into more
of a Galactic community.
>> As always MUFON Field
Investigator Josh--
Josh, can you pull up the map?
>> Yeah
>> --joins us to
help set the scene.
Join us as we dive deep to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>> It will take another probably
about 18 months or so for more
information to start coming out.
But right now when
we look at it,
most likely 2026 will be
the year of direct contact.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to "Into the Vortex."
I'm your host Jimmy Church.
I'm here with Josh.
And today, we're going
to talk channeling
with Wendy Kennedy, our guest.
And before we get
into this, this
is going to be a
heavy show, Josh.
When you think about
channeling-- we've all seen it
and wondered about it--
what goes through your mind?
Is this something that is real?
Is it something else going on?
Or is it a direct communication
to something off planet?
What do you think?
>> I think there's a lot
of charlatans out there,
but it's definitely real.
And I know today, we
have a very special guest
that is a profound channel
and an inspiration.
I'm really excited about it.
So I think it's 100% REAL.
>> So, Wendy, welcome.
Let me start with this, what's
your definition of channeling?
>> To me, it's bringing
in energy and putting it
into a recognizable form.
So the source of that energy
can be people who've passed.
It can be source energy.
It can be guides.
It can be anything
that's creative.
It can be source itself.
And then the form can be direct
channeling, automatic writing,
dancing, singing, art.
So there are lots of ways
that we channel energy.
And to me, it's kind
of a broad definition.
I'm not really a stickler
to say, oh, well, channeling
is different than mediumship.
Any creative expression is
a form of channeling to me.
>> I'm sure that
the story is long.
So I want the short
version of it, if we can.
Was there a moment when you
went, oh my goodness, something
is reaching out to
me and you found out
that you had this ability?
>> Yeah, I started having
visions and I didn't know what
they were.
So I was researching
those, and along the way
I came across channeling.
I didn't know what it was.
I didn't know
anybody who did it.
I just knew I was
supposed to be doing it.
It was something it was
a deep hole within me.
And so I started
doing some research
on that, found a couple
of books with exercises,
and it took me about a year.
And I started with
automatic writing.
And then about a year later, I
was hearing it well in advance.
And so they said, it's time
to put down the pen and just
direct channel.
And then when I did
that, that's when
my guides that I
work with publicly
came through the ninth
dimensional Pleiadian
collective.
>> Is there an offworld ET
component to this that you
recognize?
>> It can be a lot
of different things.
It might just be source energy.
Sometimes it's hard to
label exactly what you're
bringing in.
We do our best.
Just like meeting
somebody on the street,
we have to take the
word who they are
or who they present to be.
So sometimes it's ETs.
Sometimes they're more angelic.
But for me, my
personal experience
I work with different beings
from different star systems,
my own angelic
guides, and that's
kind of where my focus has been.
But I think it's
different for everybody
depending in part on
their belief system
and how the guides present
themselves for them.
>> Does the process of a reverse
itself where they reach out
to you?
>> They're pretty respectful of
my boundaries because I think
if they were constantly
knocking at my door,
I wouldn't be very receptive.
That's not my personality.
So they wait for me to ask
questions a lot of times.
Sometimes they'll kind of give
me nudges and repeated patterns
and things.
And I'll say, OK, I need
to sit down and check in.
But they're pretty
respectful with me.
>> When we talk about higher
dimensional consciousness,
clarify that for me
and for everybody else,
what exactly are
we talking about?
>> I'm just talking about
a consciousness that exists
in a higher frequency range.
So dimensions are
just frequency ranges.
And then dimensions
have different sets
of rules to them.
So you can play a game.
It's like playing
football or basketball.
And they say different
beings will define dimensions
differently depending
on their belief system
or whatever system they're
using to define it.
But at the end of the day,
it's just a range of frequency
that gets that label.
And as we go into
a different range,
then we have different rules.
>> When you finish--
I'm going to use the word
communication, channeling,
when you finish, do you remember
or do you have to write it down
or record it?
Or is this consciously
stored and you can recall?
>> For me, it's
like a lucid dream.
So I'm semi conscious.
I'm aware of what's happening.
I may not know in advance of
the words that are coming out,
but it's also very rich to me.
So I might say it's a
nice day, but I also
know it's 70 degrees,
there's a light breeze,
the birds are chirping,
the grass is green.
So there's all this
other information,
which is why I think when
you were saying you hear
channeling, you know
it sounds different
because we're picking up all of
this other information subtly.
So for me, if I want
to remember something,
I do the automatic writing
because it does pull it
in a more physical way for
me, which makes it easier
for me to remember.
Otherwise, it's
kind of in and out
unless it's a piece
of information
that I really need to remember.
But they have a habit of going
through things again and again
and again just so
we really get it.
>> When we see
somebody's channel,
especially the good
channelers that are out there,
it looks fun.
It looks like it's
something that everybody
would love to be able to do.
Can anybody channel?
>> Yes.
And we do channel.
I love it when people will
open up and start channeling.
They have no idea
that they're doing it.
They're just bringing
in higher information
because the frequency changes.
You can sense it.
But we all have the ability.
It's just like all of us being
able to play an instrument.
Are we going to do
that for our living?
Are we going to be a virtuoso?
No, but we can
still do it for fun.
We can gain access to
higher information.
And it just requires
practice and repetition.
>> Are there trickster,
trickster information coming
in where you have to use
discernment and somebody may be
messing with you and then you
have to figure out what is
trustworthy?
>> Yes.
And my guides were really
big on using discernment.
How does this resonate with
me and checking in with me
and not just taking
it at their word?
And I learned very early
on when the energy would
shift because I was very
fortunate to work with two
other women who channeled.
And for us, it was like play.
We get together every day.
One of us would be channeling,
one would ask the question,
and the odd man out would
get to listen and check in.
So when the person channeling
was saying the same thing
that you were hearing, it was
very easy to get confirmation.
And I learned very quickly,
but we noticed all of a sudden
the energy would shift.
And it was like, did
anybody notice that?
And so it was much easier
when there were three of us
because oh, yeah,
it is different.
And so it made it much--
it was a much quicker
way to learn to recognize
when the energy would shift.
And I think this happens
to people when they first
start to channel.
And it's not to
scare somebody off,
but it's to learn what
your own energy feels,
where are you vibrating,
and what are your own fears.
>> A test maybe?
>> Yeah, because if you're
holding a lot of fear
in your energetic field,
they can connect with that.
And as you go up, as you
clear out your own judgments,
you increase your own
frequency, that stops happening.
You close those access
points in essence.
So that happened to
me a lot early on.
It doesn't happen so much today.
>> OK.
So let's dive deep a little bit.
Because it is so mainstream now,
who is visiting this planet?
And do you channel and ask those
questions about who is here
today?
Do you have that information?
>> So they say there are a
lot of beings here today,
a lot of hybrid projects going
on, not all with humanity,
a lot with the other life forms
on the planet because Earth is
a grand experiment.
It had thousands of worlds worth
of genetic material donated
to it.
So that's why a
lot of these beings
are here working with
the life in our oceans
and some of the
terrestrial life.
>> The amount and the varied
species that are visited,
it's got to be an
infinite number.
>> Yeah, it is.
I think we have this idea
that there are the Nordics
and there the reptilians,
but there's so
many species who are present.
And some of them just are
not interested in what
humanity is doing as much
as some of the other--
specifically the aquatic life.
The guides were talking
about that recently
with some of the
Dolphins and the whales
and how they are working
and communicating.
And so--
>> What is 9D?
Is 9D just four better than 5D?
>> Well, the first thing they
say is all the dimensions are
different.
They're not better.
They're just different.
It's like basketball
or football.
And it's non-physical.
So they describe three through
seven as being more physical,
and they get lighter
in density in terms
of the physical structure.
But 9 and up they're
just beings of light.
So they're aligned
with a stellar body
rather than incarnating
to a planet.
So they align with Alcyone
in the Pleiadian star system.
And they're record
keepers of sorts the group
that I work with.
And they also monitor
timelines just
to make sure that there's
not too much corruption
of timelines.
So they maintain that.
They're kind of
keepers of timelines.
>> We can't be the only planet
and species that they're doing
this with, right?
This is universal.
>> Yes.
>> The Pleiadian star
system, which sits up there
and it's so great
when you see it,
ancient cultures had to
notice that too as well.
You look up in the sky,
and you see the sisters
and they're there and
they're beautiful,
and they're grouped together.
Did ancient cultures
here on this planet
have that same communication?
Were they able to channel?
Did they recognize the
energy coming from there?
>> I think they were
Pleiadians here.
I think they had a more
direct interaction,
and they knew that they were
also seeded from the Pleiades.
So I think some of
the ancient monuments
that we have are aligned
with the Pleiades.
And they act like antenna,
which make it easier
to connect with that system.
>> Do you have an
example of that?
>> Not off the top of my
head because some of that,
like I said, it's a
bit of lucid dreams.
So I'd have to go back and
look into some of that.
But they're saying that
some of the monuments
are aligned with the Pleiades.
>> Now, is the 9D evolutionary?
In other words, will we be
energy beings in 10,000 years?
Would we even
recognize ourselves?
>> So, yes.
So we're changing our
physical structure,
and we will eventually
move through
that as we stay with the
progression of Earth.
But there are
aspects of ourselves
that are already
beings of light having
those experiences because past,
present, and future are one.
It's all concurrent.
But they say we're definitely
going through physical changes
now.
And that will continue as we
become stewards for the planet.
And eventually, we will become
stewards for the Galaxy.
>> Well, what would be our role?
Well, what's our role in
this Galactic community?
And what are the expectations?
And are we adult enough
to have that seat?
>> Well, we're getting there.
We're learning right now because
this is an advanced school.
This is a school of
mastery of duality,
integration of duality,
releasing judgments.
So as we go through
that process,
we are able to access
high levels of compassion.
And they say that is our
gift to the universe.
And even though they can access
the frequency of compassion,
it's a much different
experience where we are
because it's so difficult here.
The frequencies are so dense.
And we've all had
those lower experiences
that when we come across
someone else who is struggling,
we're able to access compassion
in a much stronger way.
So the bandwidth of compassion
that we access is more intense.
And they say that is the gift
that we bring to the universe
because it will help those
who perhaps don't run
a lot of emotion to
start accessing some
of that compassion because there
are some beings who are running
some hybrid programs and
experience and experiments who
don't have a lot of compassion,
who aren't really thinking
about the ramifications of
what's going on when they do
these experiments and people are
left with all of this baggage.
So it helps them
to grow and mature.
So it has this massive ripple
effect through the universe
when we go through this process.
>> But let's-- you
want to do this?
>> Let's do it.
I'm excited.
>> I'm nervous.
>> Me too.
>> I don't get nervous.
--weird energy right now.
>> OK.
Let me know when it's OK to--
>> You can go ahead and ask.
>> I have permission?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
Well, thank you.
Who am I speaking with?
>> Yes, hello, dear.
This is the 9th dimensional
Pleiadian Collective.
And it is a pleasure
and an honor
to have the opportunity
to connect with you.
So let us just
say that there are
many people who have
lots of questions,
and you're thinking about yours.
But know that your guides
hear your questions,
and they'll put the information
in your energetic field.
So all your questions are
heard and always answered.
It's just a matter
of whether you
are tuned in to the frequency
and the volume's up.
All right, so what would
you like to know about?
>> I'm a talking
head in the media.
I have a lot of responsibility
to the information
that I share.
Is our media on this
planet handling ET contact
and disclosure responsibly?
>> Well, it depends on whether
you're talking about mainstream
or whether you're talking
about alternative.
But there are some,
yes, who are very
respectful of it, who are
doing their best to share
information.
But there's a lot that's just
being hidden from you frankly.
And also a lot of
interaction that's
already happening with
ETs that is happening
on the personal level, not so
much in the bigger way, that's
coming.
The next two years are going to
be really interesting for you
as you go through some
of this transition.
There are deadlines that
ETs have kind of made
with your governments
that disclosure
needs to start happening.
And so that's why you're
seeing some of this.
They've been given
the opportunity
to present their
narrative, if you will.
Otherwise, some of
these ETs are going
to start taking matters
into their own hands
because it does have
a massive impact
to the rest of the universe
this developmental process.
So there's only so
far that they'll
allow the game to go to the
darker edge, if you will.
And you're already
seeing it swing back.
>> And thank you
for answering that.
I have another question.
What is the difference
between the 9D Collective
and the other Pleiadian
information that others
claim to channel and receive?
>> Well, the Pleiadian star
system is an open cluster
of about 750 stars.
And there are about
350 inhabited planets,
high civilization planets.
So it's quite vast.
And that's the physical.
We're talking 5D, 350 in 5D.
So it's a very vast system.
And there are a lot of
beings just showing up
presenting their perspective
and their information.
So we go by the 9th Dimensional
Pleiadian Collective.
It's a way of
defining who we are.
And there are other beings
from that star system
who have their own
wisdom to share,
their own perspective to share.
And here's the thing
about channeling,
our information
that we present is
colored through our experience.
And as Wendy translates
the frequencies,
it's colored by her experience.
And as you experience
the information,
it's colored by
your information,
your experiences of life.
So there is some coloring
that often happens.
And the clearer the channel is,
the clearer the information is.
The clearer you are, the
clearer you can receive it.
And even the information
that we are sharing it's
going directly to you.
Wendy's just making it
available to your mind
as she translates
it into language,
but the raw data is presented
in your energetic field.
So it's just a
different perspective.
It would be like you
talking to somebody
in Ireland about their
perspective and experience
and somebody in the UK.
They're all earthlings,
they're all terrans,
but they just have a
different perspective of life.
>> Thank you for that.
Can I ask one more question?
>> Yes.
>> The disclosure that
is going to happen,
is it out of the
government's control?
Is it going to happen
anyway and they are only
adapting to the
situation and trying
to get out in front of it?
>> Yes.
They were given a
deadline, and they
could do what they wanted
up until that point.
And the reason that a
deadline can now be presented
is that enough of
humanity is seeing
some of the corruption
that is going on the planet
that they are taking
their power back.
And that was one
of the things that
needed to happen before
ETs could show up.
You have to stand in your
power, because if you
don't stand in your power
at the human-to-human level,
you will not be able
to do it human to ET,
human to the Galactic community.
And that was paramount to
beings of the light who
want you to stand in your power
to be stewards for your planet.
So they were waiting
for this to happen.
And right now, you look out
at the state of the world
and it seems a big mess.
But you've got to break things
down to build things up.
And it's going to happen
very, very quickly.
As you start to break
some of this stuff down,
you will build rapidly because
your state of consciousness
is now getting higher
and higher and higher.
>> I want to thank the Palladian
Collective for answering these
questions.
I do have one more.
Is humanity at
the point of being
able to understand what
is about to be revealed?
It's one thing to see it.
It's another thing to have the
ability to accept the knowledge
and understand.
>> Well, it will resonate with
you deeply because there is
a part of you that
already knows this.
There is a part of you that
is already aware of this.
It just requires some
shifting in your thinking.
And you've seen enough
that has happened
over the last several years.
We call 2019 to
2026 frequency wars,
and you're in the middle of it.
And you've seen enough
that has gone on
and things have shifted
very rapidly that you've
had to be adaptable.
And this will help you
as you come into more
of a Galactic community.
But there is a part of you that,
as we said, already knows this.
So it's coming into a truth.
It's not that you have
to learn something new.
It's just remembering
who you are.
>> Josh.
>> Yeah.
I know Jimmy and I are ready
for disclosure right now,
we're ready for the information.
We can take it.
Give me the most
profound statements
about the nature of reality.
>> You were ready yesterday.
>> Thank you.
But moving forward
with disclosure,
does it need to happen slower so
people don't lose their minds,
so people don't
panic in the streets?
Does this process
need to happen over
several years in order for the
public to fully understand it
and not to cause
chaos in the streets?
>> But it's already
unfolded over several years.
It's already out there.
You've got programs
such as this where
people are talking about it.
So it is out there.
And there will always be
people who will hold fear.
But as you are going
through this process
at the human level of
dealing with your fears,
dealing with your institutions,
taking back your power,
it will make it much
easier for you then
to deal with some of
the disclosure stuff
as above so below.
So as you heal the
fear programs you
have here of control
trust manipulation,
then you heal it
inter-dimensionally as well.
So you won't fear
that in that way
because you're learning
how to trust in yourself.
This is why the
personal development
piece is so important in the
whole disclosure aspect of it.
And that is why so
many benevolent ETs
have stood in the background
because we were waiting
for you to stand in
your power so that we
didn't show up and
generate more fear that
was counterproductive.
So it will take another probably
about 18 months or so for more
information to start coming out.
But right now,
when we look at it
and we're not big on
predictions, but right now
when we look at it,
most likely 2026
will be the year
of direct contact.
>> Thank you for answering that.
There's been talk
about frequency wars,
and we mentioned it earlier.
What is that exactly?
>> So from 2019 to 2026, there
is a period where there is
a lot of vying for the
control of your energy field.
We're talking about
your emotions,
we're talking about
your thoughts,
and we're talking about
your physical structure.
So there's a lot of
manipulation that's
been going on on the planet,
off-world manipulation as well
as human manipulation.
And we don't want to go
into too much of that,
but this is the period really
where they've kind of doubled
down on that in terms
of spinning information
to get you to think
a particular way
or to feel a particular way,
to socially condition you,
to keep you under control
because as humans, you
have the ability to rise to such
a powerful height very, very
quickly.
And these beings are
trying to gain power
by keeping you suppressed.
And really it's a game
that has come full course.
They cannot take it
where they want to go,
but they're still trying.
And it's this period that
you're really seeing the efforts
that they're trying to make.
And you taking back
your power to say, no,
why am I thinking this way?
Why am I feeling this way?
Why are things the
way that they are?
Maybe they should be different--
you're questioning things.
And it's this period
that will help
you to stand back in
your power and take
control of your own frequency.
>> Are you in communication
with all of the governments
of the world and state actors,
or is there just a few?
And what about as you think
about that for us, and again,
thank you, what about
the principal players--
China, Russia,
the United States,
Spain, Australia, Canada,
the big kids table--
are they all in
communication with you?
>> So remember, we're
9th dimensional.
So they're more in
contact with some
of the 5th dimensional beings.
And those beings are working
with all the governments
of the world, not just a few.
And more than that,
there are species
who are working with
individuals and helping
to teach individuals to
hold their resonance,
not to be in fear
because that goes
into the collective mindset.
It goes into the
collective records,
which then makes it much
easier for other human beings
to access that frequency so that
they will not be in fear when
this disclosure happens.
And it's one thing to have
the idea in theory of an ET
standing in front of you.
It's another to have
the physical experience.
So there will be a period of a
bit of shock across the board
because it completely alters
your perception of reality.
And you cannot put the genie
back in the bottle at that
point.
You will move on to a new phase.
So it is varied the
species who are working
with different governments.
And it's more of--
we hate to use
this term, but it's
more of a federation where there
are different star systems that
are represented.
And they will work with
different governments,
but the Federation
is working with all
of the governments of
the world and then,
again, at the individual
level prepping people
at the individual level
so that helps humanity.
>> One last question.
And I want to thank, again,
the Collective for speaking
with us.
Did this same interaction and
assistance and observation
occur with ancient
civilizations here on Earth?
And I'm specifically speaking
of ancient Egypt, ancient Sumer,
South American cultures,
Asian cultures.
Has this been going on
for thousands of years?
>> Well, it's a little different
now because you've forgotten
who you are.
You've forgotten your
true divine nature,
and these ancient
cultures remembered that.
They remembered their
divine connection.
They remembered more
of their history
in terms of being seeded
from different star systems.
And they had a much
more direct interaction.
And as you went into the
decline of some of these higher
civilizations, they still
had a sense of that.
Where you are today,
you're completely
cut off from that information
or you were and it's
starting to come back out
over the last 80 years.
So it was slightly different.
It was already in
their psyche that that
was part of who they were.
They were part of the stars.
They were part of a
greater community.
It was passed down
to them, and there
was a remembrance of that.
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
>> Thank you for
answering the question.
Wendy, you can come back to us.
Do you remember the
conversation that we just had?
>> Yes.
So it's it'll fade
pretty quickly.
There might be some bits and
pieces that I'll remember.
Probably by tonight I'll be
like, what did we talk about?
>> Wendy, I noticed
your voice changing.
Do you know that your
voice is changing?
>> Yes.
So it's really just
elongated vowels
that the guides can work
with the frequency and alter.
So when I first started, they
sounded way more British.
And then there was a period
where they sounded a bit more
Australian because those were
the frequencies that they
needed to work with.
And now it's kind of a
combination of all of that,
and it'll shift and go.
But it's no specific dialect.
It's just tones and sounds
that they use to resonate.
So it's like you're
getting a healing.
>> The vocabulary is a
little different too.
>> Yeah, sometimes they use
words and I'm like, it must be.
In my consciousness,
but it's not a word
that I would use in
day-to-day conversation.
And I've been like, OK, is that
really what that word means?
Do I need to go look that up?
So yeah, they'll pull from
my memory banks for that.
>> Thank you, Wendy.
Amazing conversation.
This is a powerful piece of
energy I'm holding right here.
For "Into the Vortex" and
Josh, I'm Jimmy Church.
We'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]